Blackjack Die game.

The game requirements and conditions:
1- Coding a Blackjack die game in Java language.
2- The game will be designed without interface (Console only).
3- The console game have 4 classes (Dealer & Dice & Player & Game).
4- The game has a Dealer, 1 player and 2 Dice.
5- Start the game and then the user will get a welcome message "Welcome to the Blackjack Die game".
6- After that the user will get start game message "Would you like to start the game? y/n".
7- If player choose "n" option then the game will end with the message "Goodbye".
8- If player choose "y" option then the game will start round. (If player enters anything other than 'n' or 'y' they get an exception then
   the game will ask the question again)
9- Now the player can start the round by throwing the dice and get the result.
10- The player can hit the dice again to get another number to Sum with the previous number.
11- The player can hit dice until they get 21 or the nearest number to 21 then the player can decide to hold.
12- After that the Dealer will hit the dice to try to beat the player's number.
13- If player gets 21 the win message will show up and if Dealer gets 21 a lose message will show up.
14- If player hit dice and exceeded 21 lose message will show up.
15- If Dealer hit dice and exceeded 21 win message will show up.
16- The game console will show you how many rounds you play (e.g. 1 time or 2 times or 3 times).
17- The game console will show you at the end of round a small table showing how many time the player won & lost.
18- The game console at the end of round will ask if the player wants to play again another round.
19- If player choose "y" then will start another round or if choose "n" then the game will end with the message "Goodbye". (If player 
    enters anything other than 'n' or 'y' they get an exception then the game will ask the question again)

Question and answer:
Q1. What will happen when the user start the game?
The console will output a welcome message include ("Welcome to the Blackjack Die game").

Q2. Can you tell me more about dice?
This game have 2 dice, each dice has 6 sided dice, and both dice have total 12

Q3. Does the player have option to hit or hold the dice?
Yes, the player can use a valid input like:
"y" = can use for hit(throw) dice again, and to start a new round
"n" = can use for hold dice, and to end the game

Q4. What will happen if the player or the dealer get 21?
If player or dealer get 21 that's mean (Blackjack) we have winner :-) and no need to continue the round.

Q5. If player or dealer get more than 21 what will happen?
That's mean there's a loser and a winner :-)
the player will lose if get more than 21 and the dealer will win the round
the dealer will lose if get more than 21 and the player will win the round

Q6. Ok what will happen if the player or dealer didn't get 21 or more than 21?
Easy, the winner who get nearest to 21 but not more than 21
example: if player get 19 and the dealer get 17, that's mean the player wins the round.

Q7. How the player can know the score for all rounds or how many rounds it played?
When player end the round, the console will output:
the score for player and dealer
how many game or round the player played

Q8. What will happen if the player add invalid input like b or c or numbers?
The console should output a message include (Invalid input please choose “y” or “n”).

Q9. Can i upgrade this game and add Features for this game in future?
Yes off course you can.

Q10. Last question, what Features i can add it to this game in future?
You can add a userName: the player can create a userName or stay as player
you can add human vs human: the player can decide to play with the other human player or dealer(computer)
and more...